All right, so it's time for
the final push.
We have a functional game and
all we need to do now is
polish up the UI a little bit.
So the first thing we're gonna
do is fix these button styles,
because this looks a little bit ugly.
So let's go to our welcome component and
find the bottom of the styles block and,
Just give that a little bit of polish.
And we're gonna have a media query again
640 pixels, that's our breakpoint.
So on mobile the buttons gonna stack, but
on desktop they're gonna
exist side by side.
Okay, that one was way nicer.
All right, next thing we're gonna do is
we're gonna make sure that when each round
starts we've already pre-loaded
the images for that celebrity space.
Otherwise what happens is the image gets
created and at that point the browser
starts downloading it, but the image
is already visible on the screen.
So that can create this
nasty flickering effect.
And we can fix that by loading the image
at the same time as we load the data for
the celebrities over the network.
So inside our utils.js,
we're gonna create a new
function called load image.
Which takes in a source and
returns a premise.
Use the image constructor to
create a new image object.
This is similar to doing
document.create element image.
Give it an unload handler, which
fulfills with the image object just in
case that's needed on error handler, which
is just going to reject with the error.
And then finally we apply the source.
And that's gonna tell the browser that
we need to go and fetch that image.
And then inside the game component,
we can now use
that import it at the top here,
load image from utils.js.
And then inside our load details
function where we're going and
getting the JSON for
each individual celebrity.
We're not gonna return straightaway,
we're just gonna store that for minutes.
Const details equals the JSON, and
then we're gonna wait until we've
been able to load that image.
And once we've done that we
can return those details.
So now you'll notice that there's
no flickering between rounds.
The images are there immediately,
not flickering.
That's a much nicer experience.
And while we're at it, we can go to
our app.svelte import the same helper.
And once we've mounted we can just preload
the icons that will otherwise again,
only load once we first get the result,
which can cause that ugly flicker.
We don't need to await anything here.
We're just gonna kick those
off in the background, so
that by the time they needed,
they'll long since I've been loaded.
Okay, on the game component,
right now it's just appearing there and
then kind of gets replaced like that.
What we want is for
the games have a nice subtle transition.
And we're gonna use the fly transition
that we saw earlier when we were going
through the tutorial.
And if you remember, we just need to
import fly from svelte/transition.
Gonna import an easing function as well,
or a complete set of easing
functions from svelte/easing.
And then on div class equals game.
You're gonna wanna apply
that fly transition.
When it comes in,
We're gonna come from 20 pixels below.
When it flies out,
we're gonna go to 20 pixels above.
So now you got that nice there.
But there is a bit of a problem, you
might have just seen that flicker there.
What's happening is the new round is being
rendered while the old round is still
out showing, and
that causes a little bit of upset.
So we're gonna make sure that that doesn't
happen by blocking the rendering of
the new round until the last
round is fully off the screen.
And that's easy enough to do by adding
a new value, let ready equals true.
And then only rendering
the screen when ready is true and
then setting it to false
when the outro is happening.
So we can use that on outro start event,
To set ready to false, and
then we'll just set it back to true
again once the outro is finished.
So that will prevent that
error from happening.
They'll go out next one comes in,
everybody's happy.
Now you will notice on
the the deployed version.
If I click on one of these,
I'm gonna guess Andy King has got to be,
the icon is gonna fly and then it's
gonna go down to the results block.
And that is an example of a crossfade
transition like we saw in
an earlier section of this workshop.
So we're gonna wanna add one of those,
close these components
that I'm not looking at.
Up here,
we already import the fly transition,
we're gonna import crossfade as well.
And we're just gonna create the send and
receive transitions.
Give it some configuration.
This is cubic out, and
that's gonna happen in 300 milliseconds.
So we're gonna take these transitions and
we're gonna apply the send
transition to the giant image.
So you get sent to the results block, and
on the results block we're gonna
have the receipt transition.
So that's gonna come from the center
of the screen down to where it belongs.
So the element itself isn't moving.
There's basically two elements and
one is shrinking and fading out.
The other is growing and fading,
no, they're both shrinking and
the other is shrinking and fading in.
And, All we need to do is
find our giant image,
and on that we do out.
Actually before we do that, we're gonna
add an in transition on the giant
result image, because we want it to
move onto the screen and then come down.
So we're gonna fly in from,
100 pixels to the right
over 200 milliseconds.
And then the out transition,
that's where we're gonna use send.
And we need to give it a key so
that it knows what the correspond to.
And we're just gonna use
the index of the round.
And then we need to apply
the corresponding received transition to
the little icon down here.
We need to have the index into
the results array visible.
So we're just gonna add a comma i,
same signature as when you using dot
map and dot for each on an array.
In receive equals key i, k,
let's see if that's working.
It is not working.
What did we miss here.
Okay, so a moment ago, I was trying to
figure out why the crossfade transition
wasn't applying, we click on one
of these spaces it flies in and
then it just snaps it to the new place.
And the reason for that is that we're
immediately going from removing the result
to advancing to the next round.
And we need to have break for that
animal to come down into its new home.
So we're gonna add here
a weight sleep 500 just give
that a chance to get where it belongs.
And now we should see that comes in and
goes down to the results array.
We're just gonna add a few more
transitions just to make things nice
and slick.
On the card component,
we'll import the scale transition.
And we're gonna use our friend
elastic out from spell easing.
And we're gonna apply that to the price,
so that when the price is displayed, those
sort of [SOUND] come in like that which is
a sort of a fun effect I quite like using.
And we'll do the same thing for
the done screen.
At the scale transition
from self transition,
and then find class equals done.
Apply the in scale equals
give it a very short delay,
a duration 100 milliseconds or
so, easing, We use the same one for
consistency.
Okay, now when we click
on one of the faces,
the price [SOUND] comes in like that.
It's kind of fun.
Subtle tweak on the car component,
I'm gonna add a border radius.
Using a variable setup in our global.css,
and we'll add a nice little box shadow.
And that is basically
everything in the game itself.
All that remains is to do a lighthouse
audit and see what it suggests.
So I maximize this move my
Dev Tools over the right hand side.
[SOUND] Looks like we do in fact
have something to fix here,
which is our buttons need to have,
A width of 100%.
I'm gonna add that to the welcome screen.